Added inter chapter linkage - en (#216)
Monash-Mosaic/IFRC_Report: src/reports/en/wdr25/chapter-02.mdx

Reviewer: <img width="973" height="307" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6213fb0-be43-411c-9977-448819846950" />
<img width="682" height="304" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c0f67bad-308c-423d-80be-f5ff5e80eb7c" />

Missing internal linkage for Chapter 03 and Chapter 06.

myriad websites one might visit?”[^37] Identifiability supports reputation, accountability
and helps distinguish credible sources from malicious actors.[^38]

> The Bengio Report on AI safety (see <a href="chapter-01"><span className='text-purple-600'>Chapter 1, on page 29</span></a>) warns that the rapid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bengio Report on AI safety (see <InterChapterLink href="chapter-01">Chapter 1, on page 29</InterChapterLink>) warns that the rapid
```

</Box>

> Transparency is a prerequisite for trust and a core element of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Code of Conduct. (See <a href="chapter-05">Chapter 5</a>) It underspins accountability by ensuring clear and honest information flows between humanitarian organisations and affected people. Transparency is embedded in key sectoral standards, including the Sphere Common Standards, which emphasise feedback mechanisms and participation, the Good Humanitarian Donorship Principles and the IFRC’s Guidelines for Emergency Assessment. Cross reference <a href="chapter-05">Chapter 5</a>.

Reviewer: I think that we should make it's blue to know it is a link.

</Box>

> Transparency is a prerequisite for trust and a core element of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Code of Conduct. (See <a href="chapter-05">Chapter 5</a>) It underspins accountability by ensuring clear and honest information flows between humanitarian organisations and affected people. Transparency is embedded in key sectoral standards, including the Sphere Common Standards, which emphasise feedback mechanisms and participation, the Good Humanitarian Donorship Principles and the IFRC’s Guidelines for Emergency Assessment. Cross reference <a href="chapter-05">Chapter 5</a>.

Reviewer: <img width="713" height="189" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f044ffe-fa5b-49d3-92be-b33315217718" />

The content is different. There is no "See Chapter 5". I think we should update the to align with the PDF.
